A. state machine diagram (see state-machine-diagram-images)
    1. The name implies a lot and what we're essentially trying to do is visualize what our application (or what a 
       feature of our application) will look like and how it can transition from one state to another state.

    2. This could be as low level as being able to represent what a button looks like or what actions can be 
       performed on a button based on how the user's role is set up. It can be that low level or it can be a very 
       high-level kind of concept where it's similar to an activity diagram.

       * difference between state machine and activity diagram: an activity diagram works a little bit more like a 
         flow chart, you can have a user that goes to one page and they go to another page, they can be asked these 
         questions and different behavior ensues. State machine cares more about the different actions that can 
         change a user's state.

    3. Elements:
        a. Entry Point: an activity diagram works a little bit more like a flow chart, you can have a user that goes 
           to one page and they go to another page, they can be asked these questions and different behavior ensues. 

        b. choices: an activity diagram works a little bit more like a flow chart, you can have a user that goes to one 
           page and they go to another page, they can be asked these questions and different behavior ensues. 

        c. constraints: the "Yes" and the "No." That is a way of being able to ask, in this case of the form was submitted or not. 
           In other diagrams that we've worked through, the constraint was also called a "guard."
        
        d. states: The state is obviously one of the most important parts of the entire diagram, right here they are represented 
           by the rounded edge rectangle. We have two states here, we have a user that is a visitor and a user that has been 
           converted.

        e. transition: how you get from one state to another, that's represented by a line with an arrow showing the direction 
           of that transition. You can also have other items, like choices, that are placed in-between those. 

    4. You may notice this looks very similar to an activity diagram, that's a good observation. You'll notice the 
        longer you go into UML is there is not one diagram that's perfect for every situation and diagrams have a lot of 
        overlap.